rockstar and remedy have joined forces  to remake max payne 1 and 2. epic and  lego are working together to create a  child-safe metaverse and leaked images  of valoran's first mobile playtest in  china have surfaced and boy does it look  sleek this is your daily fix  [Music]  rockstar games and remedy announced they  will be remaking max payne 1 and max  payne 2 the fall of max kane remedy made  the surprise announcement in a press  release stating the company will work  with rockstar under a new publishing  agreement to remake their first two max  payne games  remedy will handle development while  rockstar will finance the project  aligned with triple a production remedy  is known for max payne 1 and 2 remake is  said to be built on the same north light  engine as the ign 2019 game of the year  winner control and upcoming survival  horror game alan wake 2.  control's graphical fidelity speaks for  itself and fans are understandably  losing their gosh darn minds at the idea  of max payne getting this much of a glow  up the first max payne came out in 2001  telling the story of new york city cop  turned vigilante after his wife and  child were murdered by drug addicts  written by remedy's creative director  sam lake who max payne's face was  modeled after the game told the  gut-wrenching story of an nypd cop  fighting inner and outer demons while  turning to addiction himself to cope the  original graphics might be dated but max  payne cinematic storytelling and bullet  time mechanics left their mark on video  game history the rockstar developed max  payne 3 was received well enough many  fans felt it lacked remedy's magic touch  now the big question will sam lake lend  his likeness to max payne once again  performance capture has come a long way  and sam didn't hesitate to don the black  leather coat for max's 20th anniversary  last year  i guess it's either that or they get  mark wahlberg again  sam if you're watching this please do it  another much less m rated collaboration  was also announced epic games and lego  are working together to create a child  safe corner of the metaverse a press  release from epic games promise to space  will prioritize the well-being of kids  thanks to a variety of safeguards and  privacy features while also empowering  children and adults alike to creatively  enjoy the experience no details of what  this digital experience will actually  look like but epic promises a seamless  interchangeable experience where  children can develop lifelong skills  through collaboration communication and  creativity through digital experiences  which is groundbreaking assuming those  kids haven't discovered minecraft or  roblox  we have seen other games prioritize a  safe platform for children and despite  their best efforts games like roblox are  still heavily criticized for how much  room for improvement there is in the  childproofing department clearly lego is  already experimenting with ways to  protect children in game the internet  recently discovered that child npcs in  lego star wars the skywalker saga take  no damage so of course players are now  using these unkillable underage minifigs  to glitch their way across large pits  and spaces  let's hope this isn't the future of epic  and lego's metaverse  regardless this venture seems promising  and lego and fortnite sound like the  best combination since lego and star  wars or lego and minecraft or really  lego goes with anything aside from bare  feet  no and lastly it looks like riot games  free-to-play first-person shooter  valerian is coming to mobile based on  leaked images of play tests in china the  popular shooter has been a hit since it  launched on pc in 2020 with fresh new  agents content and skins players have  been requesting a mobile port for so  long and it looks like their prayers are  finally answered this news comes by way  of some leaked images that surfaced on  social media they showcase the sleek  mobile lobby agent select screen a  loading screen and a screenshot from the  ascent map riot still hasn't officially  announced a mobile version let alone a  release date but if these leaked images  are legit it's well underway mobile  gaming is a huge market in china but if  valerian gets a mobile version there  it's safe to assume the rest of the  world will follow soon and that was your  game's fix for today april 7th for more  check out ign's preview of the quarry  the new horror game from the studio they  gave us until dawn or our review of the  third episode of the halo tv series as  always go download the ign app on all  your devices follow daily fix on  snapchat for anything else stick with  ign i'm nars and remember to always stay  fabulous  [Music]